the greatest gift we can give anyone
is not jewelry
or flowers
or a new macbook pro
it is to simply give
our attention to someone
our full
complete
attention
this is to allow someone else
to become a part of you
to allow
their space
to be
without judgment
or labels
but with total
acceptance this
is what true healing is all about
in a world of
attention deficit
and constant distractions
it's even more valuable to just be with
someone
you don't have to say
the right thing
simply spending time with someone
[Music]
is the most wonderful thing you can do
that's why they call it pay attention
and spend time
because it's more priceless than any
gift
[Music]
the act
of
sharing that space
putting a hand on their hand
[Music]
to embrace in a hug
and allow your two hearts
to get within an inch of each other
and to
find that
beat in unison
and to breathe
in the same pattern as naturally happens
we can give love and healing
each and every one of us is a mystical
healer
we each
can do this for each other
it's simply that warm hug
that is just selfless
and you're just transferring your energy
to that person
[Music]
and you're just saying
with your body
and energy
i
am
here for you
this is the greatest act of love there
is
how many
world leaders
and dictators
are simply
acting out
because they lacked
warmth
and touch and love
[Music]
the heat our bodies and
hands give off
is our own energy
there is an energy
convergence this is real
this is what energy is
that radiating
energy of heat and light and love
that can be felt
simply through the act of touch
to look into someone's eyes
and to
have photons firing back and forth
between each other
[Music]
simultaneously
connecting to their brain
and creating a vision of the other
person
in each other's mind
this is what happens
when we sit with someone
we are taking them in
to our own mind and our own heart
and they
you
there is a merging that takes place
and
a oneness
it can be felt so greatly
and so powerfully
as we sit in silence
with another person
as we listen
to anything they need to say
and they to us
[Music]
there's a buddhist meditation
which anyone can do
where you sit with someone else
and you just stare into their eyes
for an extended period of time
at first it feels awkward and weird and
you want to look away
and as you break through this
there is a great sense
of the two becoming one
ego dissolves
selfishness dissolves
and there is a sharing
that remains
[Music]
a powerful connection
that is
truly healing and transformative
[Music]
in ways that
sometimes meditating alone can never do
it is a powerful practice for anyone
friends
relatives
life partners
just as
when we normally think
we think one word at a time
and when we speak we speak one word at a
time
but this form of
communication or self-communication
is very limited
one word at a time is not a lot of
information
but when we feel
when we sense
we can take in
thousands and millions of
sense perceptions
all at once
and we can tune into this
understanding
this deeper
wisdom
and we can share this
with another person
and we can truly commune with their soul
and truly get an essence of their being
far more effectively
than our normal mode of communication
and so do not be
afraid to sit with someone
do not be afraid of silence
do not feel the need to always fill it
because simply being there for someone
and being with someone
and giving them
all of your being and them you
is the most powerful
healing
and transformative experience
we can have
[Music]
you